Add additional RPC info (#740)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-alpha/developing/rest-api/rest-api.md

section_menu: corda-5-alpha
---
The Corda REST API enables operators to interact with a running version of Corda.
To access and invoke the REST API:

1. To access the RPC endpoint of a Corda cluster, forward the port by running the following command in a terminal window:

   ```sh
   kubectl port-forward -n corda deploy/corda-rpc-worker 8888
   ```

   You can then access the Swagger documentation for the RPC endpoint at [https://localhost:8888/api/v1/swagger](https://localhost:8888/api/v1/swagger).

> Note that the RPC endpoint is protected by a self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: Add note code snippets?

> 2. To invoke the RPC endpoint from the Swagger UI, use the username `admin` and password `admin`. Alternatively, you can use curl. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To invoke the RPC endpoint from the Swagger UI, use the user name `admin` and password `admin`. Alternatively, you can use curl. For example:
```
